Add docs for fast link times, esp. about WASM_BIGINT (#12634)
emscripten-core/emscripten: site/source/docs/optimizing/Optimizing-Code.rst

- JavaScript is generated at this phase, and is optimized by Emscripten's JS optimizer. Optionally you can also run :ref:`the closure compiler <emcc-closure>`, which is highly recommended for code size.
- Emscripten also optimizes the combined wasm+JS, by minifying imports and exports between them, and by running meta-dce which removes unused code in cycles that span the two worlds.

Link Times
==========

To skip extra optimization work at link time, link with ``-O0`` or ``-O1``. It
is ok to link with those flags even if the source files were compiled with a
different optimization level.

``-O0`` will do no optimization work at link time. ``-O1`` will do very minimal
optimizations, and does not have the assertions that ``-O0`` does by default,

> so it can be useful for a build that links very quickly but also is reasonably

Reviewer: I feel like "very quickly but also is reasonable fast" is a bit confusing. It would be good to rephrase it to make it clear that in the 2nd part it's the resulting code that will be reasonably fast, too, and not the build as the process itself.

Author: Agreed, thanks, will change to `but also runs reasonably fast`.

fast. (Of course, for a final release build, it is usually worth linking with
something like ``-O3 --closure 1`` for full optimizations.)

> In some cases Emscripten can do no work after the LLVM linker (``wasm-ld``) runs.

Reviewer 2: How about `In some cases Emscripten can avoid modifying the wasm binary that is produced by the linker...`?

That will give you the fastest possible link times. All Emscripten does

> in such a build is to generate the JavaScript support code, while leaving the

Reviewer: Not 100% sure, but probably
```suggestion
in such a build is generation of the JavaScript support code, while leaving the
```

Author: I think `is generate` (`All Emscripten does in such a build is generate the JavaScript support code`) is better than both of those, but others here have better English than me...

Author: (but thanks, yeah, my original here was not great...)

WebAssembly output from the linker unmodified.

Specifically, as of Emscripten 2.0.7, if you build with either ``-O0`` or

> ``-O1`` then the only thing Emscripten does on the wasm file is to legalize it.

Reviewer 2: `does on...` -> `needs to do to the wasm file is legalize it.`

> You can avoid even that by enabling BigInt integration, as when using BigInts

Reviewer 2: `You can avoid even that by`   -> `This can avoided by enabling BigInt integration which renders legalization unnecessary`.

we can represent ``i64`` values properly without legalization. To do that,
build with

.. code-block:: bash

  emcc -s WASM_BIGINT

You can also ensure you get that speedup:

.. code-block:: bash

  emcc -s WASM_BIGINT -s ERROR_ON_WASM_CHANGES_AFTER_LINK

``ERROR_ON_WASM_CHANGES_AFTER_LINK`` will, as the name implies, show an error
during link if Emscripten must perform changes to the Wasm. If you remove that
``-s WASM_BIGINT``, it will tell you that legalization forces it to change the
wasm. You will also get an error if you build with ``-O2`` or above, as then it

> will run the Binaryen optimizer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will attempt to run the Binaryen optimizer.
```
?

Author: "Attempt" may be confusing, but I agree this could be better. I'll change to `You will also get an error if you build with ``-O2`` or above, as the Binaryen optimizer would normally be run.` -?
